Another way to make decisions is to use the
switch control structure, which, as the name
implies, is like using a switch.
Unlike the if / else structure, the switch
structure will be used more when we have,
for example, an options menu.
For example, if we have 5 options, and each
of them performs a different action, then
the switch structure is ideal to handle these
decisions.
The switch structure is less used than the
if / else control structure, however it will
be useful for more specific questions when
making decisions as we will see in the following
example.
We can observe the syntax of the switch structure.
In versions prior to jdk 7, only these values were
supported in the expression to be evaluated
for example the type byte, short, int or char, and from
version jdk 7 onwards, the type String is
also supported, although it is not a primitive
type , is one of the Object types that we
will use the most.
Once the evaluation of each of the cases
begins, one or more cases separated by colon
may be included.
The word break is used so that the flow is
held and the evaluation of the other cases
is finished, if we do not place it, the evaluation
of each case will be followed.
Finally, the word default is used to execute
a block of code, if none of the cases coincided
in its evaluation.